docs(main): update source config doc (#3754)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/main-doc/docs/en/configure/app/source/disable-default-entries.mdx

});
```

After disabling the default behavior, you will need to use the [`source.entries`](/configure/app/source/entries) configuration to define custom entry points.

:::warning

> We recommend organizing your code using the directory conventions provided by Modern.js to better utilize framework functionality and avoid some redundant configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend organizing your code using the directory conventions provided by Modern.js to make better use of the framework's functionality and to avoid some redundant configurations.
```
